Here, we used a long-term dataset of demographic data combined with 1,745 single nucleotide polymorphisms to investigate mating patterns within a population of the eastern quoll (_Dasyurus_ _viverrinus_) reintroduced to a conservation-fenced reserve. Pedigree reconstruction revealed that 47.62% of eastern quoll litters exhibited multiple paternity, containing up to three sires. Trait-based generalised linear mixed-modelling showed reproductive success was significantly correlated with bodyweight, age, and colour-morph. A cross-species comparison within the Dasyuridae (which includes the eastern quoll) showed that shorter lifespan increased the rate of multiple paternity, but the degree of sexual size-dimorphism or intersex aggression does not. Our study indicated that individual traits can predict reproductive success, but the likelihood of multiple paternity can depend on the evolutionary/life history of the species (e.g., lifespan). Further research should focus whether the interaction between breeding system and life history may predict patterns of multiple paternity within a species.

Generally, we're asking the question "What affects breeding in the population" in a hurdle-model approach.
1. Of the morphological and genetic factors possessed by an individual (colour, heterozygosity, etc), which affect breeding success?
2. For individuals that breed successfully, do any traits influence the number of offspring produced?

Note that in this analysis "successful" production of offspring is equivalent to recruiting offspring into the next generation, rather than conception/birth being the endpoint. This is because individuals can only be captured and  microchipped/sampled if they survive from birth to dispersal from the natal den. 

Related datasets are also archived for long-term storage at ANU's Data Repository: https://dx.doi.org/10.25911/50fr-x765. 
